Adds Gitpod Support (#62)
filamentphp/demo: README.md

![Filament Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21066418/180368112-cfccda8d-a442-43e3-8cf3-3ba04f42247d.png)

> Try it right away, [open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/filamentphp/demo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/filamentphp/demo) to edit it and preview your changes with no setup required.
```
